Make a plan for a comprehensive set of tests of transmission with seasonal forcing
using the seasonality argument of TransmissionSIX (SI model), TransmissionSI (SIR model),
and TransmissionSE (SEIR model). For each model run with a reasonable beta and no
seasonality (seasonality = None). Then, for each model run with seasonality attenuating
the transmission to one half and with seasonality amplifying the transmission to
twice the stated rate. Compare the results to validate the effect of seasonality.
For the SIR and SEIR model use the kermack-mckendrick values to validate. For the
SI model, check the rate of infection to validate the effect of seasonality.

Update test_seasonality.py with three additional tests for spatially varying seasonality.
Create a test for the SI model, the SIR model, and the SEIR mode each with three nodes.
Set up seasonality as expected, 1.0, for one node and 0.5 for the second node, and
2.0 for the third node. Modify the spatial transmission network so there is no spatial
spread of contagion. Verify that in each case the infections in the attenuated node
increase more slowly than the baseline which increases more slowly than the amplified
node. Do not modify or remove any existing code or tests.

Using the example in seasonality.ipynb as an example, create temporally varying
"seasonality" tests in test_seasonality.py for the SI, SIR, and SEIR models. R0
should be brought down between 1 and 2 so the outbreaks take longer to play out
and temporal transmission factors can come to bear. Determine when the total infectious
count (see sum of newly_infected) reaches 25% of its total and 75% of its total
and set the "seasonal" forcing to decline from 1.0 to 0.0 during that timeframe.
Do not modify or remove any existing code or tests.

Please propose docstrings for each test in test_seasonality.py that explains what
is being validated, how the scenario sets up the validation, and what it means if
the test fails. Do not modify any code, merely propose more descriptive docstrings.
